README.md, before:

# TrackMyHabits by CosmicWhiskers, 2024
 A python habit tracker command-line application that uses `questionary` for a better UX and `SQLite` as database.

The habit tracker provides users with a simple easy tool that can be run on any platform that has access to python 3.
For compatibility reasons and keeping the appliciation lightweight the choice was made to serve it within the command-line interface which is even available on operating systems that do not have a graphical user interface.

Users can easily track their habits by creating or logging in to their own user-profile and then proceed to create, manage and view their habits in an organized and accessible manner. In this way it is easy to keep track of personal progress with the use of analytics that show habit streaks, best performing and worst performing, and more.
Habit Tracker for Object Oriented and Functional Programming with Python (DLBDSOOFPP01)

# Quick start
## Installation
## Running
## Testing
# Diagrams/Concept
## UML/class Diagram
![Alt text](diagrams/classes.png?raw=true "Class Diagram")
![Alt text](diagrams/userflow.png?raw=true "Userflow Diagram")

## User interface
# License

Commit message:

- update README.md - add requirements.txt

README.md, after:

# TrackMyHabits by CosmicWhiskers, 2024
 A python habit tracker command-line application that uses `questionary` for a better UX and `SQLite` as database.

The habit tracker provides users with a simple easy tool that can be run on any platform that has access to python 3.
For compatibility reasons and keeping the appliciation lightweight the choice was made to serve it within the command-line interface which is even available on operating systems that do not have a graphical user interface.

Users can easily track their habits by creating or logging in to their own user-profile and then proceed to create, manage and view their habits in an organized and accessible manner. In this way it is easy to keep track of personal progress with the use of analytics that show habit streaks, best performing and worst performing, and more.
Habit Tracker for Object Oriented and Functional Programming with Python (DLBDSOOFPP01)


# Quick start
This project requires python 3.12.7+ and pip installed.

## Installation
Clone this repository:
`git clone https://github.com/CosmicWhiskers/habit-tracker.git`

If you choose to install this in a virtual environment: 
`python -m venv venv`
To activate the enviornment:
`.\venv\Scripts\activate`

Install requirements and dependencies
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Running
To start the application:
`python main.py`

## Testing
run pytest

# Diagrams/Concept

## UML/class Diagram
![Alt text](diagrams/classes.png?raw=true "Class Diagram")
![Alt text](diagrams/userflow.png?raw=true "Userflow Diagram")

## User interface

# License
